# Miko Impact - Learn a new language with Yae Miko!
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/yUVTxtdarsc?feature=shared>
#### Description:

What gave me the idea for this project was the Anki flashcard app. While useful, the app failed to catch my attention, at least definitely not for long enough for me to learn a new language. Though well designed, I noticed that the app was rather empty with only white or black backgorunds with not many interactive features. It was just a blank app with words. As such, I decided to take on the challenge of making a flashcard app for my final project.

The most important was the aesthetics of the page. I designed the pages with different hues of pink and purple, a respite from the monotone colours of the Anki app. I needed a simple yet aesthetic front page of the app. To do so, I imported and experimented with various Google fonts and font effects; I eventually settled on the fire-font-effect from Google. Next, I needed a mascot, a figure who would be there alongside the user as they learn a new language altogether, to give them little laughs as well as motivation. Yae Miko, a character from Genshin Impact was a strong candidate; she was sufficiently popular and had no shortage of fanart, allowing me to use various cute images of her in my page.

Aesthetics aside, ensuring functionality of my app was key as well. I started by implementing a registration and log in page. This allowed for users to create their own personalised space, seperated by sessions, so they could have their own private card decks. I stored user data in a table called users, contianer user_id, username, and hashed password so I coudl attach cards to each user's unique id.

Morover, I created a cards table to stored custom made cards by the user with the following fields - id (card id); user_id; word; kana; romaji; meaning; example_sentence; category; review_score; last_reviewed. This allowed users to sort their cards based on category, as well as split their cards into different decks so they could review their cards by category.

On the home page, I implemented three buttons - New Deck; Add to existing deck; My decks. The 'New Deck' function allows users to create a completely new deck, and the 'Add to existing deck' function uses a dynamic for loop to display the current decks users have and choose which deck they want to add cards to, while the 'My decks' function allows the user to view all existing decks and choose which one they would like to review, once again using a dynamic for loop. Additionally, so as to improve user experience, I linked the three functions to one another; after adding a new or an existing deck, the user would be automatically be brought to view what decks they currently have to pick one to review. I added instructions at the top of the page to ensure the user would understand what how to add a deck, all the while trying my best to avoid plain white or black as those were colours I found to be rather off putting while using Anki in the past.

Furthermore, I had to implement the flash cards, to allow for only the word and the kana to be displayed before the user clicked the "show answer" button. Users were given three buttons to choose from after showing the answer, 'No idea', 'Not sure', and 'Easy' which would -1 +0 +1 to that specific card's review_score respectively. This was used to track the user's weaker cards for future reference. After the user goes through one round of the deck of cards, I implemented a round counter to keep track of how many attempts it took the user to complete the deck. To add a little bit of fun to the learning, I included a "crying Miko" jpeg for when the user's review_score was <=3. To do so, I had to store the id of the current card, as well as the id of the next card in the deck using temporary variables so the user can continue from where they left off after the image pops up on their screen.

Finally, the navbar at the top of the screen allows the user to return to the homepage at any time should they want to do so. I made sure to reset each decks' cards' review scores back to zero when beginning review so the review_scores wouldn't be 1 from the get go as that would result in no cards being displayed at all.
